feat(curriculum): add case converter project to teach list comprehension (#52569)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657f47b12c51e41b3149e584.md

---
id: 657f47b12c51e41b3149e584
title: Step 20
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

> You will still need to join the lsit elements into a string, strip off any dangling underscores and return the string. Even though, you can do that like you did earlier, I'd suggest a shorter alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will still need to join the list elements into a string, strip off any dangling underscores and return the string. Even though you can do that like you did earlier, let's see a shorter alternative.
```

> You will still need to join the lsit elements into a string, strip off any dangling underscores and return the string. Even though, you can do that like you did earlier, I'd suggest a shorter alternative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will still need to join the list elements into a string, strip off any dangling underscores and return the string. Even though you can do that like you did earlier, you are going to use a shorter alternative.
```

```py
return ''.join(snake_cased_char_list).strip('_')
```

> This single line of code will join the list of characters into a string, strip off any dangling underscores, and return the resultant string. Add this line on the same level as the `snake_cased_char_list` inside the `convert_to_snake_case` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This single line of code will join the list of characters into a string, strip off any dangling underscores, and return the resulting string. Add this line on the same level as the `snake_cased_char_list` variable and inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function.
```

# --hints--

Test 1

```js

```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
def convert_to_snake_case(pascal_or_camel_cased_string):
    # snake_cased_char_list = []
    # for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string:
    #     if char.isupper():
    #         snake_cased_char_list.append(f'_{char.lower()}')
    #     else:
    #         snake_cased_char_list.append(char)
    # snake_cased_string = ''.join(snake_cased_char_list)
    # clean_snake_cased_string = snake_cased_string.strip('_')

    # return clean_snake_cased_string

    snake_cased_char_list = [
        '_' + char.lower() if char.isupper()
        else char
        for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string
    ]
--fcc-editable-region--

--fcc-editable-region--

> 

Reviewer: I would suggest removing one blank line.

Author: Done

---
id: 657f47b12c51e41b3149e584
title: Step 20
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

You will still need to join the list elements into a string, strip off any dangling underscores and return the string. Even though you can do that like you did earlier, let's see a shorter alternative.

```py
return ''.join(snake_cased_char_list).strip('_')
```

This single line of code will join the list of characters into a string, strip off any dangling underscores, and return the resulting string. Add this line on the same level as the `snake_cased_char_list` variable and inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function.

# --hints--

You should return `''.join(snake_cased_char_list).strip('_')` at the end of `convert_to_snake_case()` function.

```js
({
    test: () => {
        const transformedCode = e.code.original["main.py"].replace(/\r/g, "");
        const convert_to_snake_case = __helpers.python.getDef("\n" + transformedCode, "convert_to_snake_case");
        const { function_body } = convert_to_snake_case;

>         assert.match(function_body, / +return\s+''.join\(\s*snake_cased_char_list\s*\).strip\(\s*("|')_\1\s*\)/);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        assert.match(function_body, / +return\s+["']{2}\.join\(\s*snake_cased_char_list\s*\)\.strip\(\s*("|')_\1\s*\)/);
```

---
id: 657f47b12c51e41b3149e584
title: Step 20
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

You will still need to join the list elements into a string, strip off any dangling underscores and return the string. Even though you can do that like you did earlier, let's see a shorter alternative.

```py
return ''.join(snake_cased_char_list).strip('_')
```

This single line of code will join the list of characters into a string, strip off any dangling underscores, and return the resulting string. Add this line on the same level as the `snake_cased_char_list` variable and inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function.

# --hints--

You should return `''.join(snake_cased_char_list).strip('_')` at the end of `convert_to_snake_case()` function.

```js
({
    test: () => {
        const transformedCode = e.code.original["main.py"].replace(/\r/g, "");
        const convert_to_snake_case = __helpers.python.getDef("\n" + transformedCode, "convert_to_snake_case");
        const { function_body } = convert_to_snake_case;

>         assert.match(function_body, / +return\s{1}''.join\(snake_cased_char_list\).strip\('_'\)/);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        assert.match(function_body, / +return\s+''.join\(\s*snake_cased_char_list\s*\).strip\(\s*("|')_\1\s*\)/);
```

    }
})
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
def convert_to_snake_case(pascal_or_camel_cased_string):
    # snake_cased_char_list = []
    # for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string:
    #     if char.isupper():
    #         snake_cased_char_list.append(f'_{char.lower()}')
    #     else:
    #         snake_cased_char_list.append(char)
    # snake_cased_string = ''.join(snake_cased_char_list)
    # clean_snake_cased_string = snake_cased_string.strip('_')

    # return clean_snake_cased_string

>     snake_cased_char_list = [
>         '_' + char.lower() if char.isupper()
>         else char
>         for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string
>     ]
> --fcc-editable-region--
> 
> 
> 
> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--
    snake_cased_char_list = [
        '_' + char.lower() if char.isupper()
        else char
        for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string
    ]

--fcc-editable-region--
```
